This package includes an AMQP icon from www.amqp.org, the AMQP public website.
The icon is distributed under the following license, obtained from 
http://www.amqp.org/confluence/display/AMQP/Terms+of+Use.  This license 
does not apply to the software, which is public domain.

Terms and Conditions

AS USED HEREIN, THE TERM "YOU" SHALL MEAN ANY VISITOR TO THE WEBSITE.

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING THIS WEBSITE YOU
AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BELOW. THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE, FROM TIME TO TIME IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION.
WE WILL NOTIFY YOU OF AMENDMENTS TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BY POSTING THEM
TO THIS WEBSITE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, PLEASE DO
NOT ACCESS THIS WEBSITE.

You are strictly prohibited from unauthorized use of our systems or this
website, including but not limited to unauthorized entry into our systems, 
misuse of passwords, or misuse of any information posted to this website.
Copyright Notice

© Copyright 2005-2009 AMQP Working Group. All rights reserved.

The participants in the AMQP Working Group (collectively the "AMQP Working
Group") are:

Bank of America, N.A., Barclays Bank PLC, Cisco Systems, Credit Suisse, Deutsche
Börse Systems, Envoy Technologies Inc.,Goldman Sachs, IONA Technologies PLC,
iMatix Corporation sprl.,JPMorgan Chase Bank Inc. N.A, Microsoft Corporation,
Novell, Rabbit Technologies Ltd., Red Hat Inc., Solace Systems Inc., Tervela
Inc., TWIST Process Innovations Ltd, WS02 Inc. and 29West Inc.

The works of authorship contained in this website, including but not limited to
all design, text, and images, are owned, or used under license by the AMQP
Working Group.

AMQP Working Group hereby grants you a limited copyright license to download,
evaluate, copy and distribute posted and available documents and related
graphics delivered from this AMQP Working Group website ("Content") provided
that you: (1) include the above copyright notice in all copies; (2) do not
modify the Content; and (3) use the Content for evaluation purposes or for
inclusion in collateral materials (i.e. advertising, articles, product briefs,
marketing and sales materials) on AMQP technology; except where the Content
bears a license with more favourable terms.
